So to prepare for exporting I think the first thing we should do here for the jump animation is to render
the 2D face animation out just like we did for the others.
So to do that we need to make sure that our grease paint object is enabled and all the others we still
have disabled in the render and that's good.
We go over to our output.
We still have two fifty six and 24 frames per second.
We do need to change our output path here.
So let's click on the folder icon here and let's go to our renders folder and let's create a jump folder
or create a boulder here we'll call it Jump and if we select that now we can choose accept.
And that's where the renders are going to go.
In addition over in the renders panel we still have under film we have our alpha at transparent and
that's good.
So what let's do is let's just go ahead and come up here and choose render and render animation and
there it goes.
All right.
Let's see how we did.
Let's go over to that renders folder right here here's our jump and there's our jump image sequence.
So that's good.
That's what we want there.
So now that we have that let's think about how we're going to get this guy out to unity.
First of all let's go ahead and save this and let's make a copy of this.
So let's go over to file save copy and we want to go to exports and we'll call this player underscored
JUMP
RIGHT HERE AND SAVE AS THERE WE GO.
So we know that we can go back to those files and export the 3D body out from each of those files.
And actually what we're going to be doing is really using the animations.
We'll only be using the 3D character from say the idol blend file and we'll only be using the animations
from the other two.
So let's begin that let's let's begin exporting our 3D character and animations out what I would do
is go over to file and open and we'll go to those exports and let's go ahead and open up the player
idle.
This will be our main file that will house all of our 3D objects.
So we're gonna want to enable the geo face idle the geo base jump and the run.
We don't need the grease pencil object there but we're going to need the character.
The three base objects and the armature and what we're gonna do is use an FBI X format that's really
kind of the industry standard now to transfer models with animations from one program to another.
So what let's do is let's choose our character and then I will shift select the base Idol base jump
base run and the armature.
We need all of those.
So let's now go over to file and export and let's choose FBI x.
Now I'm going to make sure I'm in my exports.
I've got player Idol FBI X that's good.
Over here on the side.
Now we want to choose selected objects only right here we go over to our armchairs.
I'm going to choose only deform bones and uncheck the leaf bones and then if we go back to the main
option here down here I only want armature and mesh so I'll shift click that and everything else I think
is fine.
So now here in my exports folder click export FBI X and then we go.
Now let's go do that for the other two.
I'll go over here to file open and let's work on the run or I'll open that and with this as well we
need to enable these.
So I can see them and select them.
So we're gonna choose the character the base Idol jump run and the armature.
All right.
So now we come over here bile export FBI.
We want the selected objects we want the deformed bones and we want the armature and the mesh.
All right we've got player run FBI x.
Let's export this out all right.
Now let's go over to the jump file open work on the jump.
Open that up.
Same thing.
It's select all of these.
We can hide the grease pencil here it doesn't really matter but if it's in the way you can always hide
that.
So once again let's choose the character based Idol jump run armature file export FBI X once again down
here we want to choose a selected object only the deformed bones the armature and the mesh all right.
Here we go.
Player jump FBI X export.
All right well let's go open up unity and see if we can bring all this in all right.
I've opened up unity and I'm going to call this Lego character and I'll call it unity so we know that
this folder contains all of the unity assets here all in one folder.
So I've got it set up at the correct path here I've chosen 3D for my template and I'll just choose create
project.
All right here in Unity now let's go ahead and bring in those exports down here in the assets window
right here I'm going to right click and choose important new asset here in my main folder I'll come
over here to exports and let's bring in the idle the jump and the run FP x files I'll just click import
here and there we go
also let's bring in all of our textures I'll right click import new assets and let's go get our textures
here this and this import those
and also we're going to need to bring in those rendered images right we're going to need to bring in
I mean go to import new acid here we're going to need to bring in all of these how do we bring in all
of these if I just drag all of these in it'll fill up the assets folder and we really won't be able
to use them what we need to do is we need to convert all of these images to a sprite sheet and then
we can bring in that single sprite sheet for the idle animation and let unity pull the images from that
single sheet so we will work on that coming up next.